6/21/23-plotting postgres sql at https://drawsql.app/teams/kipd/diagrams/rentovation, decided against mongo because of the relationships needed for our idea
6/26/23- Crafted Landlord signup issue, dicussed with group to confirm ideas on having two different types of users. Also decided that i was gonna start on properties while Pete worked on landlord, Iliana on Tenant, and Kapil on Billing
6/29/23- Workshoping backend authentication with seirs to understand how to authenticate two different types of users, still don't fully understand authentication api
6/30/23- Currently moving to Florida from Ohio so a I'm little distracted
7/10/23- Trying to make a migrations table for properties with CRUD api, currently struggling with migration history and changing the data tables
7/12/23- Successfully commited first draft of properties table and api, but now must be able to incorperate backend authentication to auto insert the user_id into the landlord_id
7-13-23- Spend the time understanding backend-authentication and how to use it in the router
7-15-23- Finally found out about get_current_account_data and used it to authenticate a get api for properties
7-18-23- Created issues for backend data tables with CRUD api while also working on the rent, appointment, and status backend data tables and api. All of these data tables are gonna have at least one to two foreign keys to property/accounts and are gonna require specfic api calls for landlord and tenants
7-21-23 Finished the basis of what will be our backend database with api calls, except for billings which is what Kapil is still working on. Hope to com back fo rent update so that rent updates on a daily basis with the overdue status changing once the due_date is past the current day. Also hoping to make a submission of billing from the tenant be able to modify the rent instance by amount_due/due_date. Also spent time understanding join statements and teaching Kapil backend api and how to form queries
7-24-23 Practice test, then started on making unit tests for the api calls, currently struggling with a mock create property with requires authentication in order for the api to be called, but making a mock token is proving to be difficult. Also handled merge conflicts brought into the main git channel when others pushed added join statements to appointments. Assisted kapil/iliana with troubleshooting errors
7-25-23 Gave up on the create property test for now, will ask a instructor later hopefully. Once again had to handle merge/pull conflicts in main, need figure out a way to prevent auto merge so that i can see the changes being made before git just deletes all my work. Added join sql statements to get calls for rent and appointments so that on a fetch you would need to get property and tenant information seperatly
7-26-23 Finished off adding joinsql statements to rent and appointments and was able to make an api call that updates rent daily, changing status_id when due_date < today. Need to check if the background scheduler works though (might need to leave docker on overnight?) Also attempted to help Pete on frontend authentication (Iliana surrendered due to difficulty) but the code i created was scapped for what the seirs came up with, still struggling with the idea of how the token is stashed. Also spent time to help kapil troubleshoot docker and clear a migrations history issue
7-27-23 Spent the day trying to get useState and useEffect to coordinate for the LoginForm to take the account thats coming with the login function and grabbing the account info for it to properly navigate the user to tenant or landlord page. Pete liveshared his code to try and we tried problem solving together on frontend token authentication/ keeping properties on the landlord page after refresh. By the end of the day the Login form was function
7-28-23 Completed the tenant property card, added filtering to the dropdown of tenants for addproperty so that a tenant with a property could not be selected, and fixed error handling for get_properties for landlord and tenant. Attempted to improve error handling on create properties to give a error message if a tenant was selected that already had a property but could not get error message to display. Tried to fully connect frontend to backend with capabilities but couldn't get it done in time.
